Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
For today...
I'll be playing this game I played twice now...
Eh? What was it?
I’ll be playing the app called “Furare Kaihi”!
(Break-Up Dodge)
I’ve been playing it for three days so I should be fine… *laughs*
I’ll show you how I win over the heart of an annoying woman!
With that being said, let's go!
I left it at the 4th stage
I did unlock the secret stage, but…
I never finished it… I’d like to beat it first...
*4th stage: Anniversary*
"Anniversary"!
♪ The pasta that you prepared is delicious ♪
“BF: No one's looking, feed me ❤, Aaaaaah ❤”
“GF: Oh you~❤ After one year you haven't changed a bit, have you?”
She’s so annoying...
“BF: Hnn?! The fresh pasta you're feeding me is delicious~❤”
“GF: Yeah, yeah ❤ Of course, BF-kun…”
Stop flirting with each other...
“GF: Today’s our anniversary right....? ❤”
It's their anniversary today, isn't it?
What anniversary? I have no idea…
“BF: …...”
He doesn’t know what anniversary…
“GF: BF, are you listening to me?”
Umm...
"GF: What day is it today?"
“BF: I was thinking about asking you too!”
“GF: So you remembered?”
”Stay quiet and hug her”
*swish*
Eh?
"GF: That's an afterimage" *laughs*
*inhales*
THAT'S SO WEIRD!
“It's an afterimage”
”GF: Hugging and acting suspicious is the worst"
That's not true!
*inhales*
That was... correct!
"Stay quiet and take her hand"
How about that?
*GF: ...Oh, BF!*
"GF: ...Oh, BF!"
"Kiss her hand"
“GF: Kya...!”
“BF: It turned out to be... the anniversary of the first hand kiss?”
“GF: You~... Made my heart pound so much it might get worn out!”
Ah!
Ah! That was a piece of cake, ta!
*Excuse Clear*
Weeeell, you know how it is!
I came to understand her, right?
"Intercom", that sounds bad...
*5th stage: Intercom*
♪ Ding-dong ♪
They’re getting into it
"BF: I don't plan on letting you go today"
"GF: What are you saying~?"
"BF: Is it just me? Don’t you feel the same?"
"GF: I also don't want to let you go ♥"
*laughs*
Please shut up
♪ Ding-dong ♪
"BF: Please wait a moment ♥"
*beep*
Aaaaaaah!
"BF: (This is bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad...)"
"GF: ...BF?"
*ding*
Fight!
*ding-dong*
"GF: Is it okay to not get that?"
"BF: I just didn't want to leave you"
*ding-dong*
"GF: But, it's somewhat annoying..."
Ah, you're gonna be like that?
"BF: Are you more interested in the intercom than me?"
*GF: Yes*
"GF: Yes", of course... *laughs*
*inhales*
Of course...
I understand
It’s still ringing!
I see...
Ah, behind him, there's something blue
*ding-dong*
"GF: Is it okay to not get that?"
"BF: It's a salesman!"
*ding-dong*
"GF: He seems pretty insistent, though..."
"GF: Even so, what if we answer him?"
*Salesmen are a pro at persuasion. The time I answered one, I got caught up in his pace...*
*And he made me pick some strange merchandise and gave me a contract, you know*
*It’s safer to pretend we’re not home*
"Salesmen are a pro at persuasion"
"It’s safer to pretend we’re not home", let's pick... this one
He did that pretty cool, right?
“GF: In that case, I'll answer him"
Why are you answering him?!
*inhales*
When you're over at someone's house, don't just go ahead and answer the intercom!
*ding-dong*
"GF: Is it okay to not get that?"
"BF: It'd indeed be probably better to answer it!"
*ding-dong*
Ah!
Oh!
Now I need to tap around here...
“BF: W-wait there for a minute!”
“GF2: Eh…”
"GF2: Hey! Why are you not letting me into your room?! The response was late as well..."
If I said "my stomach hurts", would she look after me?
Both are bad, aren't they?
Our room’s a mess, and I was just about to say I’d clean it up...
"BF: Because my stomach hurts..."
“GF2: Oh, that's what happened. Are you okay now?"
“BF: No, I'm not"
“GF2: Eh?"
“BF: Sorry, that's the case, can you go home for today?"
"GF2: Ah, okay"
YEEEES!
*Excuse Clear*
Yes! I did it!
Just as expected!
A.I.s do in fact learn progressively
*6th stage: Girlfriend's friend*
"Girlfriend's friend", aah...
You're too close to each other!
"BF: Can I make it rain kisses?", what do you mean raining kisses?!
That's disgusting!
“BF: It's only the two of us though?"
“Ding-dong!"
Ah...
Is this the girlfriend's house?
“GF: Sorry, my friend is coming today"
This is the girlfriend's house...
“???: I'm coming in"
“BF: Hello, nice to meet you"
“BF: It's good weather today... maybe thanks to you"
“GF: Hey, isn't my friend…?"
*ding*
Fight!
“GF: She's cute, right?"
“BF: She's cuter than average"
"She's not really my type", kind of thing?
“GF: I wanted to ask your opinion... She's cute, right?”
She repeated the question...
I'll say it again?
“BF: She's cuter than average"
Ah, of course
“BF: She's cute"
If I say, "not really", then I'm in trouble...
I mean if this girlfriend brings a friend over, she'll ask:
"Hey look! Isn't she cute?"
Even if you say "She's cute!" when it's an annoying girl...
"Oh, okay..." is what they'll say!
If you say, "Not really"...
Then she'll say "Don't say that to my friend"! It's impossible
“GF: Hmm..."
“BF: Sorry, sorry... I wanted you to get jealous"
“GF: You, you idiot!"
“BF: You're even more cute"
“GF's friend: Ah... I'm causing trouble so I'll come another day ♪"
Oh?
Oh!
*Excuse Draw*
Eh?
You can draw in this game?
*inhales*
What do you mean, "draw"...?
"GF: She's cute right?"
"BF: Not really"
"GF: What? You're horrible"
See?! This is what happens!
"BF: Because you're the only one for me"
"GF: You're staring at her..."
*inhales*
Don't stare at her! You're bad at lying...
"BF: She's cute"
"GF: Hmm..."
"BF: That's a cute hairstyle!"
"GFF: Thank you very much ♪"
*GF: I know, right? These bangs are in right now*
Ah! Ah!
*GF: Oh yeah, I'll go buy some drinks!*
Oh?
Eh?
"BF: Wait..."
Hey! But she really is...
"BF: She's super cute!"
"BF: I have to get her number now!"
Get her number... ah!
Fight! It started...
"BF: Um, so..."
*GFF: Oh, go on~?*
Girls like this...
They always get along at first but they'll definitely tell your girlfriend later...
"Do you have LIME?" is a little bit too direct, so...
(LINE is a SNS App used heavily in Japan. LIME is just renamed for copyright reasons)
"BF: Do you hang out with GF a lot?"
*GFF: We sometimes go out for lunch on the way home from school ❤*
I see
"BF: You must be good friends. Want to be my friend too?"
GF's, right? GF's good friend...
"GFF: That's not fair on GF~!"
"BF: It's fine, it's fine!"
"GFF: It’s NOT fine ❤"
Figures...
GF, you've got some great friends!
*Excuse Failed*
"BF: Y-you know...!"
"GFF: Oh, go on~?"
You look cute... I mean, in those clothes!
"GFF: I've just bought new spring clothes~❤"
"GFF: These are my favourite brand, and..."
"BF: Aw, I want to go and buy some with you too!"
"GFF: But these are ladies' clothes?"
Ah, this one! This one, this one, this one!
"I want to give a surprise present to GF!"
Isn't it perfect?
“BF: Do you want to help me pick it out?”
“GFF: Wow, that would be wonderful. Sure~❤”
Oh!
“BF: Let’s get on LIME”
“GFF: Alright ❤”
There it is! Yes!
“Excuse Clear”
Well, that's how it goes...
This must be his third or fourth girlfriend
How could let trash like him get with you…?
You've all got no taste in guys!
Also, I guess...
It could happen
I'd probably do it too if someone told me...
Something like, "You’re so cute, oh not at all"
*lovey-dovey gibberish*
Where does it end?!
That kind of thing...
...Kind of thing
Ah, but for the most part...
I've got the hang of this, haven't I?
I'm perfect, aren't I?
With this power, I will...
Take over the world
Human girls...
Just you wait!
Well then, this was Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai!
See you next time!
Translated by Mitsukitten, Bararo, Zerch, Lacrymac, score, and Vortex